We're almost done getting started. In the next module,
I'll give you an Angular refresher since we'll use Angular in this course.
Now knowing Angular is in prerequisite to this course but maybe it's been some time since we last worked
with it,
maybe you're only barely touched on it,
then this module will help you get back into Angular and its core concepts.
Please note that this is of course a totally optional module because it is a prerequisite, if you
already know Angular,
you can simply fast forward through this module or entirely skip it. Now
once we are done with that refresher, we'll finally dive into Ionic and there into its basics and most
importantly in its component basics because Ionic mostly is a component framework or library and therefore
components are its core
and in this module, we'll dive into how to use them, how to configure them and all of that even without Angular.
No worries we'll add Angular back into the app later but here you'll learn all the basics about Ionic
without even needing Angular which shows a great strength of Ionic,
it works with or without a framework and in this course, you'll essentially learn both.
Now once we're done with the component basics, we'll connect Ionic to Angular and you will learn why you
might want to do that and where the strengths of this combination lie and how to use both together, how
to inject certain Ionic controllers and elements into Angular components and how Angular components
and Ionic components work together,
really exciting stuff. Once we're done with that, it's time to leave
the component world a little bit and focus on another core strength of Ionic, what it historically
always did. It always allowed you to build native mobile apps with web technologies,
so with a framework like Angular and therefore in this next module, we'll build native apps with a tool
called capacitor which is also managed and developed by the Ionic team, which we can use to take our
Ionic and Angular web app and convert it into a real native mobile app and you'll learn how that works
and how to run your app on mobile devices
in this section therefore. Thereafter I'll teach you how to debug your Ionic apps because things not
always go as planned and therefore
this is a crucial skill to have, before we then dive into navigation and routing in Ionic Angular apps
because switching between different pages is a task you do all the time in web apps and mobile apps,
you constantly navigate back and forth, in this module, you will learn how to Angular router and Ionic
work together when it comes to switching between pages. Thereafter, we'll dive deeper into Ionic components
and I'll give you a very thorough overview of all the Ionic components and how to think about them and
how to configure them,
so this will then really allow you to build any kind of app we want with Ionic's help before we then
dive into styling and theming because obviously you don't just want to use components, you want to make
your app look good and here you'll learn how to do that with the help of Ionic and how to properly assign
your own style, your own corporate identity to an Ionic and Angular app or basically to Ionic
app
you could say. Well, what would an app be without fetching user input
right
and that is indeed what we'll dive into thereafter.
You will learn how to work with forms, with Angular forms in Ionic apps and how to use Ionic components,
input components in these forms,
so how that works together.
Now whenever you gathered some data or you have some data in your application, state management becomes
an issue and therefore I have a whole module dedicated on how you manage state in an Ionic Angular application
before we then also dive into sending HTTP requests, so that you're not limited to just mentioning data
locally on your device or in your app but that you can also store it on servers somewhere in the Internet.
Now when you think about typical native apps and that is still one of the core focuses of Ionic, building
native apps,
so if you think of such native apps, what often comes to mind is using maps or the camera in there.
Well I will cover both in this course and I will start by adding Google Maps in a specific section where
I will show you how to add that, how to unlock the API and how to use Google Maps from scratch in an
Ionic app before we then dive into native device features in general,
like using the camera or fetching the current user location.
Now that is all nice but what would a real app be without some user authentication? And therefore, I got
a whole module dedicated to showing you how to add authentication to your application.
And once we did all that, we'll have quite a nice app
and that is another important thing
throughout this course, we built a project, a realistic project and I will demo most of these things on
that project.
There are some side projects or small demos as well but I believe you'll learn the most if you
work on a concrete example, on a concrete project and therefore
this is what we'll do in this course as well. And once we finish that project which we'll have after
the authentication section, it is of course time to publish the app and therefore in the publishing
section, I will teach you how you can get your application into the Google Play Store, into the Apple
App Store or also publish it as a web app because that's something you can build with Ionic and Angular
too,
you can ship a regular web app or even a progressive web app which I will show to you as well.
And that's it,
we're then done and I will conclude the course give you some next steps
but by that point, by that time, you will have learned all you need to build amazing Ionic apps and build
up on the foundation you get in this course with the official docs, with other resources and of course by
simply building a ton of stuff and that will enable you to build any kind of app you want with Ionic
and Angular.
So let's dive in.